The artifact I chose is a MATLAB/Jupyter Notebook project that allows an agent to learn to navigate a small 7x7 maze using machine learning, Keras Python frameworks, and training routines. It was created with direction and also with “fill-in-the-blank” style coding blocks. This was done in CS-370: Current and Emerging Trends in Computer Science. As the class's final project, we successfully trained our learning model to navigate the maze with over 90% accuracy.

The artifact and the enhancement idea are a good opportunity to convey complex programming algorithms that involve different levels of math and fine-tuning. Doing a project like this requires patience to learn, experiment, and fail, in order to get the vast amount of different parameters involved correct for the subject at hand. I improved upon the artifact by turning it into a standalone project, allowing the user to train their own models. Using Keras' built-in saving mechanisms, I am also able to let the user train and save their own models for loading later into the runnable interface in the program to see a visualization of the maze itself.

It has proven challenging to consistently train a model to a 100% winning rate before it bottoms out and fails, and even though I have 95% trained models, I can only get them to visually be shown solving the maze in the save/load function, rarely. Even though it has technically reached convergence, it will not replicate itself every time visually. I have done a lot of troubleshooting this week on it, and hopefully, I will have it solved 100% of the time.

I have learned a great deal while developing the project, and learned a lot in particular from failing. I like to think I learned about patience and prioritizing time, because this took most of the week to do. I have not used Python in over a year, and was pleased that I was able to jump right back into it. However, there were a lot of adjustments I had to make from the original artifact to reach the requirements I have set for myself. It is almost indistinguishable from the original artifact, but the idea of training an agent to navigate a maze with a Keras architecture is the same. This enhancement has taught me that there is no better way to learn than to set a hard goal for yourself and stop at nothing to accomplish it. I have been stopped at many roadblocks during this, but with research and tenacity, I managed to cross them all.
